Wednesday 01/09/2019

*Attendees: PT, PS, ARD, AMD, SK, SP, NP, IG*

First meeting of 2019. New Year - New Sangraha.

## Process Changes

ARD is taking lead in managing the project. Here is a summary of process changes.

- All the tasks to be worked on are in the spreadsheet

- There are short term tasks for first "Release" and "Long Term" tasks that needs to be worked on eventually. These are listed in separate sheets in the spreadsheet.

- We will be working on a rolling basis i.e.

   1) We will commit to a task from the list
   2) We will work on the task at our own pace
   3) Keep the team updated in bi-weekly meetings
   
- We will meet bi-weekly instead of everyweek

## Retrospective

### What went well?

- We have something that works and is demoable. We had a good intial momentum, off the ground 
- Multi device support
- Remote collaboration has been working well so far
- New skill was helpful in work
- We have an idea of how to go forward

### Not so well?

- Momentum died eventally
- Hackathons can be more productive and better planned
- We need more usability test and feedbacks
- We got hacked once because of lapse in security measures
- Individuals have been stuck in roles
- A lot of work from different members are not used yet becaue of poor project management

### What we can improve?

- We need to have a clear vision for Sangraha - what it is and what it is to be?
- We need to be mindful of attributions for the sources before release but even now because the site is public
- We can list our skill sets, and skills we want to learn. That way we don't get stuck in responsibilities.
- We need to organically get feedbacks on the product


## Followups

- ARD to enable HTTPS on the site
- PS to talk to HR for UX design help
- Everyone, review the Master Task List 
